GITOPS-2269 - updated 4.9 release notes (#51684)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-6-0.adoc

[id="fixed-issues-1-6-0_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

The following issues have been resolved in the current release:

* Before this update, the `system:serviceaccount:argocd:gitops-argocd-application-controller` controller did not create a "prometheusrules" resource in the `monitoring.coreos.com` API group  in the namespace `webapps-dev`. This update fixes this issue, and {gitops-title} can manage all resources from the `monitoring.coreos.com` API group. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1638[GITOPS-1638]

* Before this update, while reconciling cluster permissions, it was deleted if a secret belonged to a cluster config instance. This update fixes this issue. Now, the `namespaces` field from the secret is deleted instead of the secret. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1777[GITOPS-1777]

* Before this update, if you installed the HA variant of Argo CD through the Operator, the Operator created the Redis `StatefulSet` object with `podAffinity` rules instead of `podAntiAffinity` rules. This update fixes this issue. Now, the Operator creates the Redis `StatefulSet` with `podAntiAffinity` rules. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-1645[GITOPS-1645]

> * Before this update, Argo CD **ApplicationSet** had too many `ssh` Zombie processes. This update fixes this issue: it adds tini, a simple init daemon that spawns processes and reaps zombies, to the **ApplicationSet** controller. This ensures that a `SIGTERM` signal is correctly passed to the running process, preventing it from being a zombie process. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2108[GITOPS-2108]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, Argo CD **ApplicationSet** had too many `ssh` zombie processes. This update fixes this issue: it adds `tini`, an `init` daemon that creates processes and reaps zombies processes, to the **ApplicationSet** controller. This ensures that a `SIGTERM` signal is correctly passed to the running process, preventing it from being a zombie process. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-2108[GITOPS-2108]
```
